.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks a lot for your interest in contributing to Leon! :heart:

**Leon needs open source to live**, the more modules he has, the more skillful he becomes.

**Before submitting your contribution**, please take a moment to review this document.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## How You Can Help

Here are few examples about how you could help on Leon, by:

- [Creating a new module](https://docs.getleon.ai/packages-modules.html).
- [Working on new features](https://roadmap.getleon.ai) (what is in backlog or todo).
- [Suggesting new ideas](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues/new/choose).
- [Reporting a bug](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues/new?labels=bug&template=BUG.md).
- [Improving the documentation](https://github.com/leon-ai/docs.getleon.ai) (translations, typos, better writing, etc.).
- [Buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).


## Pull Requests

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this *free* series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

- **Please first discuss** the change you wish to make via [issue](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues),
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.
It might avoid a waste of your time.
- The `master` branch is actually used as a snapshot of the latest stable release. **Do not submit your PRs
against the `master` branch**.
- Ensure your code **respect our coding standards** (cf. [.eslintrc.json](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.eslintrc.json)).
To do so, you can run:

  ```sh
  npm run lint
  ```
- Make sure your **code passes the tests**. You can run the tests via the following command:
  
  ```sh
  npm test
  ```
  
  If you're adding new features to Leon, please include tests.
  
## Development Setup

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/leon-ai/leon.git leon

# Go to the project root
cd leon

# Install
npm install

# Check the setup went well
npm run check

# Run the development server
npm run dev:server

# Run the development web app
npm run dev:app
```

## Versioning

- We use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) for releases.
- A new Leon module creation increases the MINOR version number of its relevant Leon package.
- Each time a MAJOR or MINOR version number of a Leon package is increased, then the MINOR version number of the project should also be increased.
- Each time a PATCH version number of a Leon package is increased, then the PATCH version number of the projet should also be increased.

## Commits

The commit message guideline is adapted from the [AngularJS Git Commit Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#-git-commit-guidelines).

### Types

Types define which kind of changes you made to the project.

| Types         | Description |
| ------------- |-------------|
| BREAKING      | Changes including breaking changes. |
| build         | New build version. |
| chore         | Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools such as changelog generation. No production code change. |
| ci            | Changes related to continuous integration only (GitHub Actions, CircleCI, etc.). |
| docs          | Documentation only changes. |
| feat          | A new feature. |
| fix           | A bug fix. |
| perf          | A code change that improves performance. |
| refactor      | A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature. |
| style         | Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc.). |
| test          | Adding missing or correcting existing tests. |

### Scopes

Scopes define high-level nodes of Leon.

- web app
- server
- hotword
- package/package_name

### Examples

```sh
git commit -m "feat(server): awesome new server feature"
git commit -m "docs(package/leon): fix spelling"
git commit -m "chore: split training script into awesome blocks"
git commit -m "style(web app): remove chatbot useless parentheses"
```

## Donate

You can also contribute by [buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).

## Spread the Word

Use [#LeonAI](https://twitter.com/hashtag/LeonAI) if you tweet about Leon and/or mention [@louistiti_fr](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr).

Commit message:

chore: add docker-compose and dev environment

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks a lot for your interest in contributing to Leon! :heart:

**Leon needs open source to live**, the more modules he has, the more skillful he becomes.

**Before submitting your contribution**, please take a moment to review this document.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## How You Can Help

Here are few examples about how you could help on Leon, by:

- [Creating a new module](https://docs.getleon.ai/packages-modules.html).
- [Working on new features](https://roadmap.getleon.ai) (what is in backlog or todo).
- [Suggesting new ideas](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues/new/choose).
- [Reporting a bug](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues/new?labels=bug&template=BUG.md).
- [Improving the documentation](https://github.com/leon-ai/docs.getleon.ai) (translations, typos, better writing, etc.).
- [Buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).


## Pull Requests

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this *free* series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

- **Please first discuss** the change you wish to make via [issue](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues),
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.
It might avoid a waste of your time.
- The `master` branch is actually used as a snapshot of the latest stable release. **Do not submit your PRs
against the `master` branch**.
- Ensure your code **respect our coding standards** (cf. [.eslintrc.json](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.eslintrc.json)).
To do so, you can run:

  ```sh
  npm run lint
  ```
- Make sure your **code passes the tests**. You can run the tests via the following command:
  
  ```sh
  npm test
  ```
  
  If you're adding new features to Leon, please include tests.
  
## Development Setup

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/leon-ai/leon.git leon

# Go to the project root
cd leon

# Install
npm install

# Check the setup went well
npm run check

# Run the development server
npm run dev:server

# Run the development web app
npm run dev:app
```

## Development Setup with Docker

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/leon-ai/leon.git leon

# Go to the project root
cd leon

# Build
npm run docker:build

# Run the development server and the development web app
npm run docker:dev
```

## Versioning

- We use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) for releases.
- A new Leon module creation increases the MINOR version number of its relevant Leon package.
- Each time a MAJOR or MINOR version number of a Leon package is increased, then the MINOR version number of the project should also be increased.
- Each time a PATCH version number of a Leon package is increased, then the PATCH version number of the projet should also be increased.

## Commits

The commit message guideline is adapted from the [AngularJS Git Commit Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#-git-commit-guidelines).

### Types

Types define which kind of changes you made to the project.

| Types         | Description |
| ------------- |-------------|
| BREAKING      | Changes including breaking changes. |
| build         | New build version. |
| chore         | Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools such as changelog generation. No production code change. |
| ci            | Changes related to continuous integration only (GitHub Actions, CircleCI, etc.). |
| docs          | Documentation only changes. |
| feat          | A new feature. |
| fix           | A bug fix. |
| perf          | A code change that improves performance. |
| refactor      | A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature. |
| style         | Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc.). |
| test          | Adding missing or correcting existing tests. |

### Scopes

Scopes define high-level nodes of Leon.

- web app
- server
- hotword
- package/package_name

### Examples

```sh
git commit -m "feat(server): awesome new server feature"
git commit -m "docs(package/leon): fix spelling"
git commit -m "chore: split training script into awesome blocks"
git commit -m "style(web app): remove chatbot useless parentheses"
```

## Donate

You can also contribute by [buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).

## Spread the Word

Use [#LeonAI](https://twitter.com/hashtag/LeonAI) if you tweet about Leon and/or mention [@louistiti_fr](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr).
