README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://getleon.ai"><img width="96" src="https://getleon.ai/img/logo.svg"></a><br><br>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7GRGiicO1c"><img width="512" src="https://getleon.ai/img/1.0.0-beta.0_preview_en.png"></a><br>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Leon</h1>

*<p align="center">Your open-source personal assistant.</p>*

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?label=License&style=flat" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" /></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/build.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/tests.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/lint.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/MNQqqKg"><img src="https://svgshare.com/i/V09.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/louistiti_fr?label=Follow&style=social" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://getleon.ai">Website</a> ::
  <a href="https://docs.getleon.ai">Documentation</a> ::
  <a href="https://roadmap.getleon.ai">Roadmap</a> ::
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> ::
  <a href="https://blog.getleon.ai/the-story-behind-leon/">Story</a>
</p>

---

## 👋 Introduction

**Leon** is an **open-source personal assistant** who can live **on your server**.

He **does stuff** when you **ask him for**.

You can **talk to him** and he can **talk to you**.
You can also **text him** and he can also **text you**.
If you want to, Leon can communicate with you by being **offline to protect your privacy**.

### Why?

> 1. If you are a developer (or not), you may want to build many things that could help in your daily life.
> Instead of building a dedicated project for each of those ideas, Leon can help you with his
> packages/modules (skills) structure.
> 2. With this generic structure, everyone can create their own modules and share them with others.
> Therefore there is only one core (to rule them all).
> 3. Leon uses AI concepts, which is cool.
> 4. Privacy matters, you can configure Leon to talk with him offline. You can already text with him without any third party services.
> 5. Open source is great.

### What is this repository for?

> This repository contains the following nodes of Leon:
> - The server
> - The packages/modules
> - The web app
> - The hotword node

### What is Leon able to do?

> Today, the most interesting part is about his core and the way he can scale up. He is pretty young but can easily scale to have new features (packages/modules).
> You can find what he is able to do by browsing the [packages list](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/tree/develop/packages).

Sounds good for you? Then let's get started!

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 14
- [npm](https://npmjs.com/) >= 5
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3
- [Pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org) >= 2020.11.15
- Supported OSes: Linux, macOS and Windows

To install these prerequisites, you can follow the [How To section](https://docs.getleon.ai/how-to/) of the documentation.

### Installation

```sh
# Clone the repository (stable branch)
git clone -b master https://github.com/leon-ai/leon.git leon
# OR download the latest release at: https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/releases/latest

# Go to the project root
cd leon

# Install
npm install
```

### Usage

```sh
# Check the setup went well
npm run check

# Build
npm run build

# Run
npm start

# Go to http://localhost:1337
# Hooray! Leon is running
```

### Docker Installation

```sh
# Build
npm run docker:build

# Run
npm run docker:run

# Go to http://localhost:1337
# Hooray! Leon is running
```

## 📚 Documentation

For full documentation, visit [docs.getleon.ai](https://docs.getleon.ai).

## 🧭 Roadmap

To know what is going on, follow [roadmap.getleon.ai](https://roadmap.getleon.ai).

## ❤️ Contributing

If you have an idea for improving Leon, do not hesitate.

**Leon needs open source to live**, the more modules he has, the more skillful he becomes.

## 📖 The Story Behind Leon

You'll find a write-up on this [blog post](https://blog.getleon.ai/the-story-behind-leon/).

## 🔔 Stay Tuned

- [Newsletter](https://getleon.ai)
- [Blog](https://blog.getleon.ai)
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr)
- [#LeonAI](https://twitter.com/hashtag/LeonAI)

## 👨 Author

**Louis Grenard** ([@louistiti_fr](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr))

## 👍 Donate

You can also contribute by [buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).

## 📝 License
[MIT License](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/LICENSE.md)

Copyright (c) 2019-present, Louis Grenard <louis.grenard@gmail.com>

## Cheers!
![Cheers!](https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f379.png "Cheers!")

Commit message:

chore: add Gitpod (#238)
* chore: add Gitpod

* docs: add single-click setup with Gitpod

Co-authored-by: louistiti <louis.grenard@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://getleon.ai"><img width="96" src="https://getleon.ai/img/logo.svg"></a><br><br>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7GRGiicO1c"><img width="512" src="https://getleon.ai/img/1.0.0-beta.0_preview_en.png"></a><br>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Leon</h1>

*<p align="center">Your open-source personal assistant.</p>*

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?label=License&style=flat" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" /></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/build.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/tests.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/lint.yml"><img src="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop" /></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/MNQqqKg"><img src="https://svgshare.com/i/V09.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/louistiti_fr?label=Follow&style=social" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://getleon.ai">Website</a> ::
  <a href="https://docs.getleon.ai">Documentation</a> ::
  <a href="https://roadmap.getleon.ai">Roadmap</a> ::
  <a href="https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> ::
  <a href="https://blog.getleon.ai/the-story-behind-leon/">Story</a>
</p>

---

## 👋 Introduction

**Leon** is an **open-source personal assistant** who can live **on your server**.

He **does stuff** when you **ask him for**.

You can **talk to him** and he can **talk to you**.
You can also **text him** and he can also **text you**.
If you want to, Leon can communicate with you by being **offline to protect your privacy**.

### Why?

> 1. If you are a developer (or not), you may want to build many things that could help in your daily life.
> Instead of building a dedicated project for each of those ideas, Leon can help you with his
> packages/modules (skills) structure.
> 2. With this generic structure, everyone can create their own modules and share them with others.
> Therefore there is only one core (to rule them all).
> 3. Leon uses AI concepts, which is cool.
> 4. Privacy matters, you can configure Leon to talk with him offline. You can already text with him without any third party services.
> 5. Open source is great.

### What is this repository for?

> This repository contains the following nodes of Leon:
> - The server
> - The packages/modules
> - The web app
> - The hotword node

### What is Leon able to do?

> Today, the most interesting part is about his core and the way he can scale up. He is pretty young but can easily scale to have new features (packages/modules).
> You can find what he is able to do by browsing the [packages list](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/tree/develop/packages).

Sounds good for you? Then let's get started!

## ☁️ Try with a Single-Click

Gitpod will automatically setup an environment and run an instance for you.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/leon-ai/leon)

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 14
- [npm](https://npmjs.com/) >= 5
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3
- [Pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org) >= 2020.11.15
- Supported OSes: Linux, macOS and Windows

To install these prerequisites, you can follow the [How To section](https://docs.getleon.ai/how-to/) of the documentation.

### Installation

```sh
# Clone the repository (stable branch)
git clone -b master https://github.com/leon-ai/leon.git leon
# OR download the latest release at: https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/releases/latest

# Go to the project root
cd leon

# Install
npm install
```

### Usage

```sh
# Check the setup went well
npm run check

# Build
npm run build

# Run
npm start

# Go to http://localhost:1337
# Hooray! Leon is running
```

### Docker Installation

```sh
# Build
npm run docker:build

# Run
npm run docker:run

# Go to http://localhost:1337
# Hooray! Leon is running
```

## 📚 Documentation

For full documentation, visit [docs.getleon.ai](https://docs.getleon.ai).

## 🧭 Roadmap

To know what is going on, follow [roadmap.getleon.ai](https://roadmap.getleon.ai).

## ❤️ Contributing

If you have an idea for improving Leon, do not hesitate.

**Leon needs open source to live**, the more modules he has, the more skillful he becomes.

## 📖 The Story Behind Leon

You'll find a write-up on this [blog post](https://blog.getleon.ai/the-story-behind-leon/).

## 🔔 Stay Tuned

- [Newsletter](https://getleon.ai)
- [Blog](https://blog.getleon.ai)
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/issues)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr)
- [#LeonAI](https://twitter.com/hashtag/LeonAI)

## 👨 Author

**Louis Grenard** ([@louistiti_fr](https://twitter.com/louistiti_fr))

## 👍 Donate

You can also contribute by [buying me a fruit juice](https://donate.getleon.ai).

## 📝 License
[MIT License](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon/blob/develop/LICENSE.md)

Copyright (c) 2019-present, Louis Grenard <louis.grenard@gmail.com>

## Cheers!
![Cheers!](https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f379.png "Cheers!")
